updated recording page (#113)
IRL2/nanover-docs: source/concepts/recording.rst

By convention, recordings of the frame stream have the ``.traj`` file extension,
while recordings of the shared state stream  have the ``.state`` file extension.

Recording format
----------------

> The current version of the file format is version 2.

Reviewer: I think we can remove this line, as the current version is already stated below in the bullet points

Author: Done in commit [52dc633](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/113/commits/52dc633153e8d43308b50314cf888181b9394a23)

  recording, however one should keep in mind that a file that starts with that value could still not be a valid
  recording and should handle errors accordingly.
* **the version of the file format**. This version number dictates how the rest of the file will be written or parsed.
  Any change to the file format needs to increment this file format version. The current version is 2.

A record contains:

* a timestamp encoded as a little endian 16 bytes unsigned integer that indicates the time, in microseconds,
  since the beginning of the recording.
  This timestamp indicates the timing of the records and allows synchronisation of a trajectory and a state recording.
* the size, in bytes, of the record; encoded as an 8 bytes little endian unsigned integer.
* the record itself as a protobuf message.

In the case of a trajectory recording, each record contains a ``GetFrameResponse`` message.
This message contains two fields: the frame index and the frame itself.
The frame index is generally an integer that gets incremented each time the server register a frame to broadcast.
However, its value is only significant when it is 0 as it means the frame needs to be reset;

> for instance because the server loaded a new simulation. The frame is a :ref:`FrameData <traj-and-frames>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for instance because the server loaded a new simulation. The frame itself is defined by the :`FrameData <traj-and-frames>` class.
```

Author: Done in commit [52dc633](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/113/commits/52dc633153e8d43308b50314cf888181b9394a23).

--------------------------------

How to record
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

NanoVer sessions can be recorded using the :mod:`nanover.omni.record` module.
Here is an example of how to define the file names and paths for the recording and pass them to the recording function:

.. code:: python

    from nanover.omni.record import record_from_server
    # Define the .traj and .state file names and paths
    traj_path = 'simulation_recording.traj'
    state_path = 'simulation_recording.state'
    # create a recording from a server and save it to the files
    record_from_server("localhost:38801", traj_path, state_path)

How to visualise recordings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Visualising and playing back recordings can be done using :mod:`nanover.omni.playback` module.
The Python Server can stream recorded NanoVer streams read by a ``PlaybackSimulation`` object to a client. The client then plays back the recording as if it were
a live stream.
The server sends the frames and state updates whilst trying to respect the timing dictated by the timestamps stored
in the file.

.. code:: python

    from nanover.omni import OmniRunner
    from nanover.omni.playback import PlaybackSimulation

>     simulation_recording = PlaybackSimulation(name='simulation-recording', traj='files/simulation_recording.traj',

Reviewer: It may be worth splitting the name and traj parts over two lines so that the example doesn't run over the edge of the page

Author: Done in commit [52dc633](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/113/commits/52dc633153e8d43308b50314cf888181b9394a23).

                                           state='files/simulation_recording.state')
    # Create a runner for the simulation

>     recording_runner = OmniRunner.with_basic_server(simulation_recording, name='simulation-recording-server')

Reviewer: Again, split over multiple lines so the code example doesn't run off of the page

Author: Done in commit [52dc633](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/113/commits/52dc633153e8d43308b50314cf888181b9394a23).

**Using the graphical interface**, add a recording to the list of simulations using the ``+ Recording`` button,
then choose the files.

Recording with the Python client
--------------------------------

How to record
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can also record NanoVer sessions using a Python client from the nanover.omni module.
Here is an example of how to define the file names and paths for the recording and pass them to the recording function:

.. code:: python

    from nanover.omni.record import record_from_server
    # Define the .traj and .state file names and paths
    traj_path = 'simulation_recording.traj'
    state_path = 'simulation_recording.state'

>     # Pass the runner to the recording function

Reviewer 2: This comment is inaccurate, maybe a typo? Might be better to say the it "creates a client that connects to a server and records until the server stops" or something

>     record_from_server("localhost:38801", traj_path, state_path)

Reviewer: May be worth adding a line after the code block to point people towards the tutorials that demonstrate how to record using NanoVer, i.e. the `recording_and_replaying.ipynb` notebook of the basics section of the tutorials (and linking to it?)

How to visualise recordings
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Python client can also play back the recordings.

.. code:: python

    from nanover.omni import OmniRunner
    from nanover.omni.playback import PlaybackSimulation
    simulation_recording = PlaybackSimulation(name='simulation-recording', traj='files/simulation_recording.traj',
                                           state='files/simulation_recording.state')
    # Create a runner for the simulation
    recording_runner = OmniRunner.with_basic_server(simulation_recording, name='simulation-recording-server')
    # Start the runner
    recording_runner.next()
    # Close the runner
    recording_runner.close()

> 

Reviewer: Again, may be worth adding a line directing people towards the `recording_and_replaying.ipynb` notebook of the basics section of the tutorials, which demonstrates how to do this. Something along the lines of "See our `recording_and_replaying.ipynb`(url) for an example of how to replay recorded simulations."

then choose the files.

> Reading recordings using mdanalysis in python

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reading NanoVer recordings using MDAnalysis in python
```
I think it would be good to make it clear throughout this page that we are talking about NanoVer recordings, i.e. recordings made using the inbuilt recording functionality of NanoVer (as it is possible to record trajectories in other ways)

Author: Done in commit [52dc633](https://github.com/IRL2/nanover-docs/pull/113/commits/52dc633153e8d43308b50314cf888181b9394a23).
